so you want to be a gaboon adder
well first of all you'll have to
move to the rain forest in the
equatorial belt of tropical
Africa your thick six-foot-long
body will sport beautiful
geometric patterns perfect for
blending in on the forest floor
and as you age you'll grow a
pair of decorative horn like
scales from your snout you're a
passive hunter able to sit
perfectly still until your next
meal arrives a scent of fresh
rat brings you to full alert
your prey spans his last moments
blissfully unaware of your
presence
yeah
you're efficient accurate and
deadly
your victim makes a run for it
but it doesn't stand a chance as
if it were a match for the likes
of a goon adder like yourself
all you have to do is follow the
scent trail of your mortally
wounded brain
you wait until your meal is
completely inert I mean what's
the point of getting bitten for
nothing
your venom has already started
the heating process by digesting
the rest issues from the inside
out
now here's where you stand out
in the pantheon of snake as you
ingest your booty you reveal the
most impressive bangs of any
snake in the world two inches
long and capable of flicking
open like switchblades to draw
the rat into your body like a
lot of your serpentine
counterparts you unhinge your
jaw so he can swallow the rat in
one gigantic gulp you inject
massive amounts of venom more
than any other snake alive and
enough to kill a human but you
rarely do that swallowing a rat
is one thing but a human to help
heartburn city
nope you'll stick with rats tail
that best part